Document starting a chain with a new chain ID (#955)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/Concepts/NetworkID-And-ChainID.md

the rest of the network so they can't connect or synchronize with other nodes, you can override the
default network ID for those nodes using the
[`--network-id`](../Reference/CLI/CLI-Syntax.md#network-id) option.

> ## Starting a new chain with a new chain ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Start a new chain with a new chain ID
```

Match heading verb tenses

If you update the chain ID (or network ID) of existing nodes, they can no longer peer with other nodes in the network.
Nodes need to have a matching [genesis file](../HowTo/Configure/Genesis-File.md), including the chain ID, in order to peer.

> In this case, you are effectively running two chains that are unable to communicate with each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, you're effectively running two chains that can't communicate with each other.
```

> To change a chain ID and start a new chain, do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change a chain ID and start a new chain:
```
